Resources page update on video order + a new LU video (#1404)
IFRCGo/go-web-app: .changeset/lucky-coats-help.md

---
"go-web-app": patch
---

> Resources page update on video order + a new LocalUnit video

Reviewer: Let's make the change-log easier for the users to understand

```suggestion
Update resources page
  - Add a new video for LocalUnits
  - Update ordering of videos
```
